TransUnion — Manager, Analytical Consulting Solutions
2012 - 2013
Managed a team of data scientists to build generic and custom solutions for P&C Insurance.  Designed and developed an account acquisition solution that significantly shortened the sales cycle and improved speed to revenue. Collaborated with Sales/ Product Management teams to launch the new product with Insurance carriers and pitched solutions and analytical work to prove value to clients. 
2009 - 2012 | Senior Data Scientist, Financial Services Consulting 
Led an off-shore team (7) in the development of a high-impact solution for US Collections/Recovery industry (TREC 3.0) with estimated $50-$75MM yearly revenue. Pioneered new model building methodologies for the industry that netted improvements of 8-25% estimated revenue for clients. Expanded technological capabilities of scoring solutions using multi-dimensional outcome algorithms.  
Designed and built industry-leading CreditVision attributes utilizing daily changes of credit data to fill gaps in company offerings. Co-invented a risk solution (Patent: Early Risk Splitter) with elements that made it incremental to most existing solutions available in Financial Services. Developed presentations to showcase the  value of new solutions for Business Development/Sales. 
2005 - 2009 | Data Scientist, Financial Services Consulting 
Led the development of generic and custom solutions for clients predicting an individual’s risk and other propensities to meet a wide array of business objectives for Financial, Insurance and Collection industries. Developed complex scoring solutions for domestic and international markets using segmentation, reject inference, custom odds schemes on binary, continuous and categorical outcomes. 
Led discussions with clients to help outline solutions for multiple departments’ corporate objectives. Prepared proposals of custom analytical solutions for international, national and regional clients. Produced thorough documentation of deliverables and presented the benefits of newly built solutions. 
Significantly reduced the timelines for producing key client-ready deliverables.  Designed and implemented an interactive application in SAS to improve the available modeling methodology. The semi-automated application (“Guided Regression”) reduced time of model delivery by 70%.
